The pousse GUI can

 * play a person against another person,
 * play a person against a program,
 * play a program against another program, or
 * re-play an archived game from the tournament, or
 * auto re-play all games from the tournament.

The "Setup..." button opens a dialog for selecting one of the above
modes. Use "Setup..." to reset a game, cancel a game where two
programs are playing each other, or stop a tournament re-play.

Person Players 
--------------
Watch the status line above the board for information. When it's your
turn, click on one of the numbers surrounding the board to move.

The left and right arrows above the board undo and redo moves,
respectively. The right side of the window shows the game played so
far, including undone moves that have not yet been replaced. The most
recent move is hilighted in blue.

When a player loses by repeating a previous board configuration, the
player's pieces turn red and no further moves are allowed (although
moves can be undone). When a player wins, the player's pieces that
form straights are turned green.

Program Players
---------------
While a program player is ``thinking,'' the cursor changes to a watch
over the board. When a person plays a program, clicking the left arrow
while a program is thinking cancels the program and undoes the
person's most recent move. Clicking the left arrow during the person's
turn undoes the program's last move, plus the person's previous move
(i.e., it undoes two moves).

Stepping through a Game
-----------------------
In game re-play mode, the move sequence for the selected game is shown
on the right. The right and left arrows move forward and backward in
the game. The game cannot be modified, and clicking on the board has
no effect in this mode.

Auto-playing The Tournament
---------------------------
In tournament re-play mode, the right arrow button is effectively
clicked automatically. Once the end of a game is reached, the next one
is played (cycling back to the first game if all games are
played). Neither the arrow buttons nor clicking on the board has any
affect.
